we are on the beaches of badalona
month april mid april spain
Catalonia and me with the championship on the channel
yuri benson i'm a journalist blogger and guide
barcelona here is a regina april i have
video can i swim opel immo
Spain will give a reference it was shot in the past
this year and this year it looks like this
Naturally not every day this weather
but today that's the way it warms
sea ​​and badalona
badalona is a suburb of barcelona such
he has a nice sandy beach
I also have a video
this factory is not from home but famous
Now I will introduce you to myself
mana mana the monkey folded
famous invisible wear which
bottle factory
and this my girlfriend was the pain of kira
anya hi anya know by video
marry a foreigner akira if she
to mature it is possible internship
come to us and these children are on the verge
nuts will introduce to such a friend
bottle open zone we drive after between
other ice
about tanning cheeks first sunbathers and april
his famous tanka and
furrow
sand here fish riding me near
just do not swim in the summer
moment
the Internet
how to master
to buy into some water on the cold as a
we see more on the big beach
bathers and was even less time
go away
still swimsuits we found to see
what's going on you began to fall
mid-april around barcelona this
she for him not otherwise
How can I hear him join
who will sing
look at how many fish
said you are bathing next to you
swimming here such here we shoot it for
river from the bridge
they don't swim deep here
quantity
beach filed
there I also recommend all very
these how many bought them
fruit is still famous shop
muddy
to cook
smoke or rick
yes he wondered he was easy to get here
multiple stop options
interesting novelties
I said these right on the sea train
this is one zone
but here's a general panorama from afar here
it is written that there is that picture painted
and the general panorama itself
observation deck about all the panorama
badalona coastal
rush looking for doramka ashore
dear side
will not sail
attempted sea calmly 0
Here is such a my tribe
i invite to colony barcelona spain
and application courses about barcelona
look at my channel place
many interesting
who is from us in spain to all
by the way